# Grievance-Module
The Complaint Management system is web based application and it is designed to keep track of complaints registered by the college department/students, so this system need to have distributed platform independent web application. The task of Administrator executives can control all the activities in the system, for creating issue using complain registration, assign to service engineer and check the service engineer’s performance. In complain registration it should be open and assigned to service and engineer/admin can update the complain status to closed. This System able to show the reports like pending closed complains, open complains, Daily complains registration and performance Report.

The main objective of this Grievance module is to focus on the issues related to internal system. It is a platform independent application, so this web application can be accessed anywhere in the system. This is also developed for reduces the communication cost between the user/student and to provide the efficient service to their students. The system need to provide the services to the user who is accessing this system from the collected information and this system gathering Complain Registration about the issues to provide services. This system which could enhance the day to day activities of the school/college with efficiency and correctness. Once the complains Registered by the student/user, it should be assigned to service engineers and update the complains as quickly as possible. There are various modules involved in the system.
